Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yes, I can.
Dr Jameson: I'm really sorry my video isn't working. I've been fiddling with it, but it's it's not coming on. So I'm Dr. Jamison
Dr Jameson: I
Dr Jameson: feel weird doing this with you, not being able to see me.
Dr Jameson: Like a
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Picture of you.
Dr Jameson: I right. I know.
Dr Jameson: This strange still photo.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I think.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Sorry, I'm outside, so that's
Dr Jameson: What I think what I'd like to do is try one more time, we starting my computer, usually that works. And I did just do that. But it didn't this time. Anyway, I'd like to try it one more time.
Dr Jameson: Because this is weird. So if you. I'm going to close this one and give me five minutes and then come back and I'll, we'll see if we have to do it this way we will, but I'd rather at least try one more time.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Anyway, I've been having such a hard time doing this I am okay with this.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Role go
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: All right. Yeah, it's just been terrible get online, sir.
Dr Jameson: I do. Okay. Do you have a bad connection or is it just
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, I tried my phone. And then I use my tablet here and it's working, but it seems like it's just barely working so. Okay, let's see.
Dr Jameson: Okay. All right. Let me open your chart that if you could just confirm your name and birthdate yeah
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Natalie Gomez 1223 1974
Dr Jameson: And you are in California, I believe. Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yes okay Hollister, California.
Dr Jameson: And is that where that store started
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I don't even know. I don't know if it started here.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I don't think you did. I think it started down south somewhere.
Oh, okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, well, she's not that's
Dr Jameson: Not, I don't know what the deal is now my my
Dr Jameson: Mr. Is that working. Alright, well, we'll just do this old school with pen and paper.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: They already explained to you know that obviously you're aware, we're telemedicine and you're comfortable with this, you know, not being in the same actual room together.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Right.
Dr Jameson: We also record these they get transcribed. We have a transcription service so it doesn't get saved forever. But it does get recorded until that transcription has been created.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Milk, you're
Dr Jameson: Comfortable with that. Okay, so I got a sort of a message, I believe you're transferring to us from a different program, is that correct
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: So tell me how long you've been there and what what those are you on and what, why are you
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Doing yeah I'm so I was on methadone 50 milligrams every day through Valley Health associates.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: in Salinas.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: California and looking to do a little something different because I can't get over there every day and it just was a, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: It was just hard. It's, it's probably it's at least like 40 minutes away.
Dr Jameson: So gang every day.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Um, so you're still taking the Methadone currently
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No, no.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so when, when did you stop it.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Two weeks ago. Oh, okay.
Dr Jameson: Did you
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, about well, about a week and a half ago, about a week and a half ago and it's taken this long to to get on with you guys. Oh, goodness.
Dr Jameson: So did you just stop, Greg. Did you stop suddenly, are you gradually wind down. I wondered, you
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Know, they just kind of dropped me ages and you know the the gave me the information through bright heart health, and they thought I'd be a good candidate for it and
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, I was kind of a messed up situation.
Dr Jameson: So you can't be feeling too fabulously then
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, no, I'm not. Okay. I'm not
Dr Jameson: Have did they give you anything for symptoms or just nothing
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No, nothing. Nothing.
Dr Jameson: I mean, we do need
Dr Jameson: People to we
Dr Jameson: We do need people to taper down on on methadone and then we usually have to wait longer than maybe some other opiates to give the before we start the buprenorphine. But obviously, this was a little bit
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, right. It
Dr Jameson: Over. Yeah. Okay. Well, it sounds like there may be multiple factors. But anyway, um, so. Okay, so tell me you look you look better than I sound like you probably feel, tell me.
Dr Jameson: What your
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I'm sorry, heading and it's a little bit
Dr Jameson: Oh, what kind of symptoms are used.
Dr Jameson: Experiencing now.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Oh, gosh. I mean, I'm achy I'm irritable I diarrhea sometimes vomiting just
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Like I have allergies. I don't know if I do have allergies or not.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Maybe I do. But I'm just running noodles watery I name it just not feeling good. Got it.
Dr Jameson: Do you sleep. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Usually that I wish I did.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That's out the window. Usually, okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, and okay so so it sounds like you've got
Dr Jameson: I don't know how much you know about Suboxone but does your other opioid does need or opiate needs to be out of your system, or at least dropping. So I think we can check that box off. It sounds like
Dr Jameson: Do you take any other medication that this time.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I'm it loft. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you know what goes here on this.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: And I think it's like 50
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Okay 52 and then they're gonna hire it 200 or something like that.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that's kind of a
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Recent a recent did it. That's it. Yeah, yeah.
Dr Jameson: And anything for birth control. If it's not relevant.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Now I have it. I had hysterectomies years ago. Okay, well that salsa. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Um, and then are you allergic to any medication.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No, no.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: Besides the hysterectomy. Any other surgeries that you've had.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No. No. Okay. You still have all your other
Dr Jameson: Other parts. Okay. And then how about any other any illnesses or medical conditions. I guess this up so trillion is that for anxiety or depression or
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, I just did it was for depression. No, but I don't have any other major health problems.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Good, yeah, I'm lucky.
Dr Jameson: Did you have. Well, tell me how, how did you come to opioids are opiates.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Oh boy. It's been a long road yeah I'm is years ago that I was on oxy code owns that 30 milligrams and for years and years and
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: We're on for my for my back problems for just, you know, and then and then of course you know everything that happened with the with the pills and stuff. So then I started using heroin and, you know,
Dr Jameson: So what back problems to have
Dr Jameson: Just
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Just general, you know,
Dr Jameson: Like arthritis or
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Did you have any. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, arthritis.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Arthritis, for sure.
Dr Jameson: Did you have any accidents or injuries or anything.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No, and
Dr Jameson: Any procedures done like Sarah word injections are
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Cornell. No, no.
Dr Jameson: How does your back doing these days.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Doesn't feel the best
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: My week but I mean what
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: You know,
Dr Jameson: Prior to stopping the methadone. How was it doing
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, not the worst, worst
Dr Jameson: Managing ok
Dr Jameson: OK, and then
Dr Jameson: So you were prescribed the oxycodone
Dr Jameson: Yes, initially and then
Dr Jameson: Do you mean he said everything that happened with the pills like
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: They started you know when, like, yeah, like a couple of years ago when they stop you know prescribing them.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: You know what I'm saying they just
Dr Jameson: They got really stingy. Yes.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yes, exactly. And then, you know, and then you're out. And then, you know, that's when I start using heroin. I mean, I've done it before, but not like I you know. Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: OK, and then how are you. How are you using the heroin.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I smoking.
Dr Jameson: All right. And then when did you transition over to the Methadone
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: About four months ago or so.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Oh, pretty recently. Yeah, four or five months ago. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And did something in particular, push you to seeking that treatment or
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Um, no. Just was feeling bad, and was looking for better options and using
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Okay. Any like legal issues or family.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Well yeah, I have legal issues going on. Yeah, but you know, I'm doing good. And and
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: You know,
Dr Jameson: I on probation or what's the
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yes, I am. Yeah, I am.
Dr Jameson: All right.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, but they all knew about this. That's why they referred me over here.
Dr Jameson: Is not what was I said sometimes this is part of that sort of
Dr Jameson: Package, I guess.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay. So. So was it a court order thing. Initially, or it was just recommended or
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: A recommended. Yeah, yeah.
Dr Jameson: And it usually from what I would what people tell me, it seems like it often does like people that are you know successfully entering treatment and you know staying with the plan tend to be rewarded in general. I mean, obviously, I have nothing to do with
Dr Jameson: Those kind of decisions, but it does seem like often times things work out pretty well when for agents that are dealing with that kind of stuff when they're
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, you know, it just, it makes it makes it easier through the data. Do what you know you need to do instead of feeling terrible all day long. And, you know, not being able to do anything.
Dr Jameson: Right, and then the court, whoever judges or whoever they they tend to look
Dr Jameson: Positively on people that are, you know, taking the bull by the horns and, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, yeah, I'm trying. You know, I'm trying. And it's not easy, you know, not easy. That's
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: why I'm here.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, well, the Suboxone is or buprenorphine. It's a generic, but it's a really
Dr Jameson: I mean, it's got mean methadone is is great in a lot of ways to but but it does have some drawbacks, not the least of which is you have to go there every day.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Right.
Dr Jameson: But this is nice because you can just get it at the pharmacy, like any other medication and it's a lot
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Less so some doctor Jamison right
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, okay. I'm just wondering, it might going to be on the Bupa nor friend right that's what I was
Dr Jameson: So yeah, that's the same. That's just the generic name for Suboxone is the brand name and
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Oh, okay. I didn't know that. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And no, that's fair enough, they it's always confusing so Suboxone is a brand name and it's actually a combination of I guess they named it sublingual buprenorphine and the locks own. It's like a
Dr Jameson: Soap.
Dr Jameson: Box. Oh, that's how they probably came up
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: With a name.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Now I get it.
Dr Jameson: I never really thought of it. But yeah, so it's a comedy and then now they have generic so
Dr Jameson: Generally, you know, most of the time the generic being that it's cheaper is what we end up
Using but
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so it's, um,
Dr Jameson: It's a different medication, but it has the same general purpose as the methadone, obviously, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Okay, yeah, yeah. I've been trying to do my homework on it.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, well, I usually I just want to ask you. Sorry.
Dr Jameson: The zillion questions, but when we get to that part. I usually start by asking you, tell me what you know so that I don't repeat things that you don't know that you already know and kind of pick up where you're
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: How far you've gotten
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Will um I do know that it's a the the partial opiate antagonist in it. You know, it has the ceiling effect and you can't take more than you, you know, I'm just, you know, yeah, it's, yeah, all that good stuff. That's great.
Dr Jameson: So did you go on their website they have like a website, you went to or did
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: You. Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Good, yeah.
Dr Jameson: And you saw you saw that the way that you take it and have it have it dissolve and all that.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, great. It's always
Dr Jameson: Helpful to have patients that are
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Educated
Dr Jameson: Love it. Yes, I love it. I'm sorry. So let me just back up another minute and ask you
Dr Jameson: Several other questions. Do you smoke cigarettes.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No.
Dr Jameson: In the past or number
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, no, I have in the past, but I don't know if you quit.
Dr Jameson: How about alcohol at all.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No, not anymore.
Dr Jameson: We're not an issue.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Also, yeah. Yeah, it used to be. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: When did you stop printing
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: And probably a couple months. Oh, yeah.
Dr Jameson: So around the same time.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, little a little bit yeah okay so
Dr Jameson: It's now march. So you started in like November in treatment.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I would see October I think October.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so let's say you stop drinking November ish, something like that. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: And any other drugs that have been
Dr Jameson: You're in your
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Experience. No.
Dr Jameson: No. Okay. Are you working
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No, I'm not.
Dr Jameson: Disabled or just not working.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: It's not working.
Dr Jameson: In the past, what kind of work, if any, did you do
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I was actually an elven
Dr Jameson: License that what is that
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Like vocational nurse.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I never heard that particular
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, it's like you know you need another year to be sure to get your Rn.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so somewhere in the same range as an LPN.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, it's exactly the LPN anything
Dr Jameson: Okay, okay. All right, so I'm okay. I'm never heard that particular
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, I don't know. It'd be a
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Regional thing and
Dr Jameson: Boring. It's probably
Dr Jameson: That's exactly what I was thinking. It's probably a regional thing. Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, well that explains why you're the word words like agonist are running off your tongue like that.
Dr Jameson: She comes
Dr Jameson: Back. That's not the kind of word that people just throw around usually good good
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Out there. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That's good. Okay, so you're currently not working. Is that related to all this, am I supposed incorrectly or
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No, no, it's not. No, no, it wasn't related yeah anything like it. Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: And who do you live with anyone.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, my husband. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Do you have kids around, you know,
Dr Jameson: The live nearby they in the picture.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, okay, good.
Dr Jameson: Sorry, this, these may seem like rejected.
Dr Jameson: As you can imagine, there can there can be a lot of
Dr Jameson: Destruction, I guess.
Dr Jameson: Related so
Dr Jameson: originally went here a lot, you know, there's a lot of
Dr Jameson: Sad, sad situation. Sometimes
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Okay, so you've been to nursing school. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Your husband's supportive
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah. Uh huh. You see some
Dr Jameson: Was he an addict as well or
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No.
No.
Dr Jameson: How about an alcohol anything any issues with that for him or no.
Dr Jameson: That is good.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, it helps
Dr Jameson: Yes.
Dr Jameson: To people that are both. I mean, it's nice to have a support, but it kind of
Dr Jameson: Your, your success. Sometimes this
Dr Jameson: Can sometimes be affected by whether somebody else's successful so
Exactly.
Dr Jameson: Does addiction or alcohol issue running your family at all and a family history.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah yeah it
Dr Jameson: Multiple people just one person.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Or multiple people
Dr Jameson: Okay. Is it alcohol in general, or both.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, alcohol, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Alcohol, it's
Dr Jameson: Not necessarily surprising. Okay.
Dr Jameson: How tall are you,
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I am five six.
Dr Jameson: And about how much do you weigh thank
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: You 145
Very good.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so
Dr Jameson: I think we've established that you've waited long enough so you and you did you read about that to their precipitated withdrawal.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah yeah
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So that's why we were. That's why I was asking those questions. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: So, okay.
Dr Jameson: Um, well, it doesn't go well if there, if your first exposure to Suboxone makes you feel 100 times worse so
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Surely, don't be on it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: It can China.
Dr Jameson: People almost development version to it. Sometimes it seems like
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: So it sounds like you have a pretty good idea. I just want to highlight a couple things. It's meant to be a once a day, draw. I mean, the half life is very long. In other words,
Dr Jameson: For some reason, our patients generally seem more comfortable, which may be psychological, but whatever. Doesn't matter, taking the medication split into, you know, two or sometimes even three different doses during the day.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Okay, right.
Dr Jameson: Method on once a day. So I don't know how you feel about just continuing with something once a day or
Dr Jameson: It doesn't really matter.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Oh, here I'll figure it out, you know, however, I feel yeah you know
Dr Jameson: I think that makes sense. And there are some funny quirky things so you, you already know that you know you really basically after it's about 32 milligrams, but you get pretty close to that, even by 24 milligrams, you basically saturated all of your receptors.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Right.
Dr Jameson: Nowhere else and that's
Bus the brain.
Dr Jameson: It.
Dr Jameson: Is very strong
Dr Jameson: Affinity is the term we use for the receptor. So
Dr Jameson: It once it's in there. It's sticks and it's almost it's very hard to get it out. So if another opiate should somehow show up there's nowhere for it to go either. So that's how
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: It actually then
Dr Jameson: Yeah. A lot of times that people. People assume, understandably, that the no oxygen. The Narc can part is really what's blocking, but it's actually not. It's the buprenorphine itself that's doing that and then
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Allow all there.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, the last one was added to this as more of a deterrent to people.
Dr Jameson: misusing
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Get medication. Yeah. So, so, yes.
Dr Jameson: Tried to melt it and shoot it or snorted or smoke it or something, then they get the non canon are can actually is not absorbed under the tongue. The way that buprenorphine. Is it really is just passing through you. As long as you're using the medication, the way it's designed
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: To be. Yeah, that's what I was reading too.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So it was more of a diversion.
Dr Jameson: Determine deterrent.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, well, I would be, you know,
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So that's, that's, that it can displace other opiates, which is why would cause a withdrawal symptom. If it was taken to sue, which we already sort of decided isn't going to be an issue for you. But I think it's important that you still understand it just
Dr Jameson: I think, you know, many of our patients have already tried it. Not all not always by proscription
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: So I think
Dr Jameson: You know, and, and I'm not condoning that at all. Don't get me wrong but i i just being realistic realistic about it. I think I think often, I think it is done with good intention with somebody you know is, is struggling and here try this.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: But you need
Dr Jameson: To know I don't want you to do that. But if you were to do it would be better if you knew you know to make sure that it's done properly, making
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that we talked about and then it usually works quite quickly.
Dr Jameson: I've seen
Dr Jameson: People literally go in 2030 minutes feel feel whole bunch better so
Dr Jameson: Just to give you some
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Like it, you
Dr Jameson: Pope. And then when we start it, which you probably read about do we have these induction. There's different protocols and
Dr Jameson: You know, if you're going to be really conservative. You start with a half of a strip and then you wait an hour and see, and then you can add the other half. If you want if you need it.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Some people say
Dr Jameson: Some people just kind of guess approximate you know the the very common doses 60 milligrams a day, which is to have
Dr Jameson: To have whatever. So sometimes we just
Dr Jameson: You know, decided to start there. I don't feel strongly. I think that's kind of where you're sort of instincts about you know how you feel about this, some people are like, just make me feel better soon as possible. Other people you want to be more deliberate about it. So I'll
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Write
Dr Jameson: Kind of open to do that. Whichever way you prefer. But I think what makes sense, is to
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Just start
Dr Jameson: You know, likely something like the 16 milligrams will work well for you. So I can write a prescription that would be enough for you to take it that often.
Dr Jameson: Between now and when we
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Get you back but
Dr Jameson: If you prefer to start
Dr Jameson: By taking a half
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: And see how that goes. I
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: You know, that's perfectly reasonable to
Dr Jameson: So I just have to look you up in the little Pete in a prescription drug monitoring system.
Dr Jameson: So let me what's sorry. Tell me your birthday. One more time.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Before
You
Dr Jameson: Must be you all Lister
Dr Jameson: Done. People have like 77 addresses. It's amazing. Alright, so I just see some Tramadol back in November, which must have been
Dr Jameson: Sort of the tail end of. Did you have a procedure done or what was happening.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Hey,
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Do
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: They were you going
Dr Jameson: Let me know when it's
Dr Jameson: Safe to continue
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Oh, no, no, it's fine.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I'm
Dr Jameson: So sorry, was the Tramadol. Why was the print
Dr Jameson: Tramadol mean prescribed
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: On how gosh I don't know even knows, probably, for I have to take. Oh, that's one thing I have diverticulitis yeah I forget because it doesn't bother me sometimes, you know. It just bothers me in a while. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So you've had that before. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Well, this
Dr Jameson: Is all the time.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yes. So sometimes people like, Oh, that's right. I had cancer. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Oh my god. Wow.
Dr Jameson: Are you just forget that. No, no, no, don't, don't worry. It's fine. It's especially when things aren't really an ongoing active thing. It's easy to forget about
Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Okay.
So,
Dr Jameson: But so i think so, then, did they explain to you how our program is Cyrus structured as far as the weekly groups and then counseling and stuff.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I'm not really okay
Dr Jameson: Alright so let me explain how that works. And so the after this initial meeting we sometimes do a follow up one on one. Just one word really tweaking doses, or if there's if it's complicated, anyway.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes we don't even depends
Dr Jameson: Then going forward. You will you and I will whoever's going to be. I think it's would be me. But hypothetically, whoever the doctor whoever's prescribing for you. You meet every week at least to start with.
Dr Jameson: In a group. So it's a combination.
Dr Jameson: Group sort of recovery skills relapse prevention support group with a counselor and then I'm also there to to address. Well, any medical issues or just mostly on there to see who needs a refill and get make sure that gets squared away and
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Sort of do the whole thing.
Dr Jameson: The business side of it.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, I'm also I'm I'm also in counseling already out at my girl help here in San Benito county so great.
Dr Jameson: How long have you been, how long has that been going on.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: And it's done tember
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: Is it helpful you finding it worthwhile.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, all right, you know, okay.
Dr Jameson: So we actually don't this our program does not as designed. It's not necessarily 100% mandate that people do individual counseling. Personally, I think it's
Dr Jameson: Sort of short sighted, not to do both because usually, even if it wasn't part of the reason that someone ended up using which often it is there's often things that have now developed as a result of that.
Dr Jameson: That can be. You can use help getting through. So anyway, I would not try to disrupt your unless you weren't happy with your counselor, then we can always offer
Dr Jameson: But as long as it's happening I'm perfectly happy for you to continue with what you've been doing
Dr Jameson: We do require a single assessment by one of our counselors to like if they call it a bio cycle, social, and they create a quote what they call a treatment plan which, in your case, would probably be
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Continued with
Dr Jameson: Counselor, but I'm
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Trying to understand reflected
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: In here. No, it's not working.
Dr Jameson: Okay, can you raise your battery low you me
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Down 10%
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Here and I'm boring to okay
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Get it going, oh no, it's okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, let me just make sure we've got your
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Okay.
Is it plugged in. Now,
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, I do. I don't know what's going on with it. Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Well,
Dr Jameson: I'll just make sure we have the we have a lot you
Dr Jameson: Know, yeah, we should be able to wrap up pretty quick.
Dr Jameson: And if you want
Dr Jameson: If you want to turn your camera off that won't use as much energy probably
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: And that's okay. I don't know how to do that.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: Well, so
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: All this up.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so my system is being super slow right now. So that's not helping. But I just want to make sure I have the correct pharmacy. It says Nob Hill on airline highway.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: That's correct. Okay.
Dr Jameson: By any chance. Did you contact them to make sure they have supply
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: No I did not. I didn't know I needed.
Dr Jameson: To. I mean, you don't you don't necessarily but but sometimes
Dr Jameson: I guess they're they're sort of a lot at a certain supply each month. And so sometimes we are not toward the end of the month, yet, but sometimes they aren't taking on new patients because they already have sort of the maximum number they can supply with the allotment they get so
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Oh, just
Dr Jameson: Just, I would. It's fine. I'll send the prescription but makes just give them a call in a few minutes, and make sure a that they received it and be, you know, and, you know,
Dr Jameson: What my when might be able to pick it.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Up and sometimes they have to
Dr Jameson: Order it sometimes they're not taking patients sometimes they have questions because it comes through.
Dr Jameson: I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Well, it won't be an issue. Usually in California.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: But anyway, sometimes
Dr Jameson: A different state. So, let us know if there's any sometimes you need a prior off so there can be a fatal.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Okay that's but
Dr Jameson: I'll send the prescription and then as far as my California groups meet on Wednesdays primarily
Dr Jameson: Or is your schedule tight.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: On what time
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: What time on Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: So we have a 10:30am and noon.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I would probably have to do a noon, because I of course every Wednesday, I might, you know,
Dr Jameson: That's it. So I'll pencil you in for that one.
Dr Jameson: We ask you to check in about it. You're just going to start in virtual clinic, just like you did today.
Dr Jameson: And we asked you to
Dr Jameson: Start Checking in
Dr Jameson: At least half an hour early just to make sure everything gets sorted out before the
Dr Jameson: Actual start time. The only other thing I'd
Dr Jameson: Like to ask is, we require headphones. When were you in the group setting for HIPAA purposes. It's not so much of an issue when
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: It's just you and me. Okay.
Dr Jameson: But, but other people are saying we don't want transmitted around to your neighbors or whoever's
Dr Jameson: Whoever's Welcome back.
Dr Jameson: So if you can just play having fun.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Now, I understand that. Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: If you can plan on having some headphones on Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: I'll send a prescription for like three days worth so that you have a little cushion and then we can double check on the dose on Wednesday and make sure everything is going. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Okay. All right.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Thank you.
Dr Jameson: You're welcome. I want there. I always feel like there's something else. I'm missing but
Dr Jameson: I know you're worried about your device crashing or dying.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, probably.
Dr Jameson: Any questions for me that that you can think of about
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Right now not yeah anyway. Okay. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I mean, there's a film and there's a tablet and I. Some people seem to not like the taste as well for one than the other. And then some people, it's the other way around. So I guess I'll start with the film, but
Dr Jameson: If your insurance cares and wants to use a tablet. Then we'll, we'll see good money anyway but
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Whichever yeah okay
Dr Jameson: And we can try the other one. Sometimes people find one cause of nausea and the other one doesn't. Or this one gives me a headache. And I wonder, you know, so sometimes we play around with it.
Dr Jameson: I'm going to make the
Dr Jameson: Prescription one film twice a day if you
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Like I said, if you want to start with.
Dr Jameson: A half if you want to take them both at the same time once a day that's perfectly fine, too. There is a funny little. That was what I was gonna say there is a funny.
Dr Jameson: Work with this particular medication.
Dr Jameson: It does help pain.
Dr Jameson: But it works better for pain if it's split into smaller more frequent doses than if you take it all on today so that if your back is an issue that might be a reason to consider at least letting the dose and
Dr Jameson: Sometimes people do.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Even
Dr Jameson: Like four doses, a day so
Dr Jameson: You can you can play with that but
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: OK. OK.
Dr Jameson: So I
Dr Jameson: Like I said, I will send this along and then let us know. We can give you sign into the
Dr Jameson: Virtual clinic. If it sounds like there's any issues that need visit resolution at the pharmacy and no one will otherwise plan on seeing each other on Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: Our counselor is the same as john just
Dr Jameson: Okay, and you won't be forced. If you're not comfortable to participate. Too much initially anyway. But we do, and each group with a going around saying something we're grateful for.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I'd
Dr Jameson: Like to give you a little bit. A little bit of a heads up. So you're not completely caught off guard.
Dr Jameson: But people are general, it's, it's usually
Dr Jameson: You know, it's a, it's a, it's a supportive environment. So hopefully you find it helpful.
Dr Jameson: They don't
Dr Jameson: Support groups like that at your other program or
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, I do a group and everything, you know, through the county and stuff.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: I mean, thinking for change.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Early
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Is it
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Early relapse prevention relapse prevention.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: And
Dr Jameson: Some of that required or is that you're just doing that you're
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, if, if required, but I take the other one around me and I go today. Anyways,
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Oh, good. Do you have a sponsor.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Yeah, I do.
Dr Jameson: Okay, good. So you're like already
Dr Jameson: already set up. That's good.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: CRYING
Dr Jameson: ahead of the game.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, alright, well I'm going to fit all again because this is our glass and sizeable check that this went through, but I'll let you though, because I know you're down to the last bits abuse there.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Okay.
Dr Jameson: It was really nice to meet you.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: You as well. Thank you.
Dr Jameson: Sorry. It was a still picture of me instead of my life face but anyway.
Dr Jameson: All right. And then, any questions about anything. Always virtual clinic is the place to go. But we'll plan on seeing you communist say 1130 just so you
Dr Jameson: Okay, noon, that I'm there. But anyway, if you can check in starting around 1130 on Wednesday.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, take care.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: You too. Thank you. Welcome. Hi.
Dr Jameson: Oh yeah if you toggle the screen there should be a red letters leave, leave meeting.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: See here.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Now, my gosh.
Dr Jameson: If you did.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Okay, here we go.
Dr Jameson: Got it, okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: Hello, we
Dr Jameson: Found it. I take care
SAMSUNG-SM-T337A: YouTube right
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that was not as warm as for her initial agent p
Dr Jameson: History chief complaint.
Dr Jameson: I want
To switch from methadone or Suboxone
Dr Jameson: API.
Dr Jameson: This girl. She is a woman presents today for her initial
Dr Jameson: Visit she's been in treatment on
Dr Jameson: Using methadone for the past four months or so this was presenting
Dr Jameson: logistical challenges, given the clinic is 45 plus minutes away from her home.
Dr Jameson: She has done research and felt that so often would be a good option for her.
Dr Jameson: She last took methadone over a week ago. So she is currently experiencing withdrawal symptoms including diarrhea, insomnia, restlessness generalized pain. Some vomiting and a runny nose.
Dr Jameson: past medical history as detailed their
Dr Jameson: Mental Status is normal physical as normal. Oh UD severe
Dr Jameson: Severe plan patients has already discontinued methadone and it's clearly in
Dr Jameson: Moderate at least withdrawal period that we reviewed the mechanism of action on the medication potential risk for precipitated withdrawal.
Dr Jameson: As well as the structure of our program, period.
Dr Jameson: ran a cures report.
Dr Jameson: We will start with
Dr Jameson: Eight to 16 milligrams a day, she can take it once a day, all together or split the dose and
Dr Jameson: She can also start with a half
Dr Jameson: Done so she prefers we will follow up in two days at group.
Dr Jameson: And the group on Wednesdays.
Dr Jameson: Rules for
Dr Jameson: Group and
Dr Jameson: So have her initial labs done
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: And I'm going to do a couple discharge summaries in a minute. Let me just try to sort something that actually, if you could add that I sent a three day supply number six.
Dr Jameson: And had to call it in because he prescribed was not functioning as it
Dr Jameson: Okay, I'm going to do a discharge summary on curry Maddox.
Dr Jameson: See he had his initial admitting and discharge diagnosis on opiate use opioid use disorder severe
Dr Jameson: So treatment course he had his initial history and physical with me on to 15 of 20
Dr Jameson: He was initiated on
Dr Jameson: Its last two
Dr Jameson: Suboxone films period. This ended up increased to 12 slash three
Dr Jameson: Up to four per day.
Dr Jameson: Due to persistent withdrawal symptoms.
Dr Jameson: Period patient attended
Dr Jameson: One group.
Dr Jameson: Is it
Dr Jameson: To
Dr Jameson: But subsequently has not returned
Dr Jameson: And has not responded to any of our attempts to reach out to him. His most recent prescription lessened February 19 for 12 phones and one refill.
Dr Jameson: He's discharged.
Dr Jameson: At this time due to lack of
Dr Jameson: Attendance
Dr Jameson: Next is Renee Ashby
Dr Jameson: Was admitting discharge diagnosis opioid use disorder.
Dr Jameson: Treatment course.
Dr Jameson: Patient was it
Dr Jameson: We admitted to our program.
Dr Jameson: After previous
Dr Jameson: Okay. She was readmitted
Dr Jameson: 10 eight
Dr Jameson: For an initial visit
Dr Jameson: And when we started on Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Eight flash two
Dr Jameson: Three. A day
Dr Jameson: Well, it started out to a day, but it was increased to three a day in mid November to to on ongoing cravings.
Dr Jameson: She attended
Dr Jameson: Six.
Dr Jameson: group sessions. Most recently,
Dr Jameson: January 21 of 20
Dr Jameson: Her most recent prescription was sent.
Dr Jameson: That on that same date for
Dr Jameson: When the supply and another refill.
Dr Jameson: So she would have run out of medication.
Dr Jameson: Approximately February 5
Dr Jameson: She has not returned
Dr Jameson: And has not responded to multiple attempts to contact her
Dr Jameson: She's therefore just charged for lack of participation.
Dr Jameson: And the last one is Shane Bailey.
Dr Jameson: Date of Birth is
Dr Jameson: Patient was admitting diagnosis opioid use disorder. And the same for discharge diagnosis, he has seen it for an initial history and physical on
Dr Jameson: Actually the visit was cut off, just before conclusion and
Dr Jameson: A PRESCRIPTION FOR Suboxone was never sent
Dr Jameson: As we were trying to reach him to confirm pharmacy and confirm dosing schedule. So he actually never
Dr Jameson: Received a prescription for Suboxone from us. He
Dr Jameson: did not return any calls and did not attend any groups. So he's
Dr Jameson: Discharged from the program this time.